1)  Which tool can display the distribution of AWS spending?
A)   AWS Cost Explorer


2)  What are the following security requirements managed by AWS customers?
A)   Password Policies, and User Permissions


3)  Who has control of the data in an AWS Account?
A)   AWS Account Owner


4)  Which AWS service automates infrastructure provisioning and administrative tasks for an analytical data warehouse?
A)   Amazon Redshift


5)  What is an example of following the cloud design principle, 'design for failure, and nothing will fail'?
A)   Deploying an application in multiple Availability Zones


6)  Which service allows an admin to create and modify AWS user permissions?
A)   AWS IAM


7)  A disaster recovery strategy on AWS should be based on launching infrastructure in a separate?
A)   AWS Region


8)  Amazon EC2 Spot instances are appropriate for which workload?
A)   Workloads where the availability of the Amazon EC2 instances can be flexible


9)  Which is a factor when calculating Total Cost of Ownership (TCO) for AWS Cloud?
A)   The number of servers migrated to AWS


10)  Where can a customer go to get more detail about Amazon EC2 billing activity that took place 3 months ago?
A)   AWS Cost and Usage reports


11)  What AWS feature enables a user to manage services through a web-based user interface?
A)   AWS Management Console


12)  Which service should an administrator use to register a new domain name with AWS?
A)   Amazon Route 53


13)  How can the AWS Management Console be secured against unauthorized access?
A)   Apply Multi-Factor Authentication


14)  The main benefit of decoupling an application is to
A)   reduce inter-dependencies, so failures do not impact other components


15)  Systems applying the cloud architecture principle of elasticity will
A)   create systems that scale to the required capacity based on changes in demand


16)  Which AWS service provides infrastructure security optimization recommendations?
A)   AWS Trusted Advisor


17)  Which of the following is the responsibility of the AWS customer according to the Shared Responsibility Model?
A)   Managing AWS IAM


18)  What is the value of having AWS Cloud services accessible through an Application Programming Interface (API)?
A)   Cloud resources can be managed programatically


19)  What are the three types of EC2 instances in terms of purchase type?
A)   On-demand, Spot, and Reserved


20)  What do you NOT fundamentally have to pay for in AWS?
A)   Data transfer into AWS, and Data transfer between AWS in the same region


21)  How are ELB instances charged?
A)   For each hour or partial hour that an application or NLB is running/For the number of Load Balancer Capacity 
     Units used per hour by an application/For each GB of data transferred through a Classic Load Balancer


22)  What is not used in calculating S3 cost?
A)   Data transfer in


23)  What are the five pillars of the well-architected framework?
A)   Operational Excellence - Run and monitor systems to deliver business value and continually 
     improve supporting processes and procedures/Security - protect information, systems, and assets 
     while delivering business value through risk assessments and mitigation strategies/Reliability - Recover from 
     infrastructure or service failures, dynamically acquire computing resources to meet demand, mitigate disruptions/Performance 
     Efficiency - Use computing resources efficiently to meet system requirements, and to maintain efficiency as demand changes and technologies 
     evolve/Cost Optimization - avoid and eliminate unneeded cost or suboptimal resources with cost-effective resources, matched supply and demand,
     and expenditure awareness


24)  Which service allows for the collection and tracking of metrics for AWS services?
A)   Amazon CloudWatch


25)  What is not included in the AWS Free tier?
A)   AWS Web Application Firewall (WAF)
