1) Under the shared responsibility model, which of the following is the customer responsible for?
   
    A. Ensuring that disk drives are wiped after use.
    B. Ensuring that firmware is updated on hardware devices.
    C. Ensuring that data is encrypted at rest.
    D. Ensuring that network cables are category six or higher.
  Answer: C

2)  The use of what AWS feature or service allows companies to track and categorize spending on a detailed
    level?

    A. Cost allocation tags
    B. Consolidated billing
    C. AWS Budgets
    D. AWS Marketplace
  Answer: C

3)  Which service stores objects, provides real-time access to those objects, and offers versioning 
    and lifecycle capabilities?

   A. Amazon Glacier
   B. AWS Storage Gateway
   C. Amazon S3
   D. Amazon EBS
 Answer: C

4)  What AWS team assists customers with accelerating cloud adoption through paid engagements in any of
    several specialty practice areas?

   A. AWS Enterprise Support
   B. AWS Solutions Architects
   C. AWS Professional Services
   D. AWS Account Managers
 Answer: C

5)   A customer would like to design and build a new workload on AWS Cloud but does not have the AWSrelated 
software technical expertise in-house. Which of the following AWS programs can a customer take advantage of 
to achieve that outcome?

   A. AWS Partner Network Technology Partners
   B. AWS Marketplace
   C. AWS Partner Network Consulting Partners
   D. AWS Service Catalog
 Answer: C

6)  Distributing workloads across multiple Availability Zones supports which cloud architecture design
    principle?
   A. Implement automation.
   B. Design for agility.
   C. Design for failure.
   D. Implement elasticity.
 Answer: C

7)  Which AWS services can host a Microsoft SQL Server database? (Choose two.)

   A. Amazon EC2
   B. Amazon Relational Database Service (Amazon RDS)
   C. Amazon Aurora
   D. Amazon Redshift
   E. Amazon S3
 Answer: A, B

8)  Which of the following inspects AWS environments to find opportunities that can save money for users and
also improve system performance?

   A. AWS Cost Explorer
   B. AWS Trusted Advisor
   C. Consolidated billing
   D. Detailed billing
 Answer: B

9)  Which of the following Amazon EC2 pricing models allow customers to use existing server-bound software
licenses?

   A. Spot Instances
   B. Reserved Instances
   C. Dedicated Hosts
   D. On-Demand Instances
 Answer: C

10)  Which AWS characteristics make AWS cost effective for a workload with dynamic user demand? (Choose
     two.)

   A. High availability
   B. Shared security model
   C. Elasticity
   D. Pay-as-you-go pricing
   E. Reliability
 Answer: C, D
